I read my Bible every night they usually
don't want to dig about that reading it
but you didn't know that everyone thinks
I'm just like this crazy party animal
just go out and party and do all kinds
of stupid stuff in all reality if you
take a timeout they sit down and talk
with it I'm just a normal person just
like you every night before I go to bed
I pretty much hang on the couch watch
the TV with the wife and the daughter
read my Bible go to bed wake up the next
thing go ride
Jeremie twitch Stenberg he's pretty much
like a pioneer of the sport whenever
anybody says pretty Sally automatically
thinks which he has Tourette syndrome
guy shakes his head a bunch it doesn't
really bother them at all got like one
of the most naturally talented writing
styles that I've seen he'll flip things
that people don't want to flip or keep
or things that people won't even think
about flipping last year I ended up just
doing a flip off the back of a landing
and just went all wrong and I got away
from a bike and I ended up breaking both
my legs it hurt for sure falling three
stories felt warm stuff running down my
left leg I knew like the only negative
in one's blood one of the doctors was I
feel pride in my writing and your leg
will never be strong
without two broken legs you can't do
nothing for yourself what's animilitia
over here a lot for sure they're over
here every to every time I had to go to
doctors there come pick me up from my
couch carry me out to the car every time
I get home from the doctor's the same
thing pick me up carry me into the house
lube me around the house from my couch
to my bedroom they sat in a wheelchair
so I remember coming over and helping
them clean this garage up and helping
them do whatever
you got to like five surgeries within
five months just to get normal let's
take a man-bag I really want to go
through this again I want to put myself
to that pain like what if I get on my
bike and I crash right away when you're
out for that long you lose your
confidence so we just tried to be there
for them and ride them every day and
pump them up yeah all that trick looks
sick it would just help them get back
the first day I pretty much had all my
trip back second day I came out and had
everything I'll do before I got hurt
just as good
same old bitch
definitely looking forward to coming to
LG this year and getting win like every
year I've gotten second place and time
for me to get a women up
you